Data Structures:
    Is about how data can be stored in different structures.

Algorithms:
    Is about how to solve different problems, often by searching through and manipulating
    data structures.

Data Structures and Algorithms:
    A theory that helps us to use large amounts of data to solve problems efficiently.

In other words:
    Basically, data structures are the logic for storing data, and algorithms manipulate
    these stored data to solve problems.

=====

What are Data Structures?
    A way to store data, to put it simply.

    Since there are very different data structures, there are very different logic 
    for storing data. They all behave in a different way although they have the same
    purpose: to allow the storage and manipulation of data within a computer.

    As it is basically implied, there are more and less efficient data structures depending
    on the problem at hand. Because there are so many options, you can use the one that 
    fits your problem the best.

    Data Structure play an essential part in program performance. The use of a wrong 
    data structure for the problem at hand, may result in huge bottlenecks within not 
    only production but usage.

=====

Primitive and Abstract Data Structures:
    In computer science there are two types of data structures: primitive and abstract ones.

    Primitives are structure provided by programming languages to represent single values, 
    such as integers, floating-point numbers, characters and so on.

    Abstract are higher-level data structures that are built using primitive data types 
    and provide more complex and specialized operations. Some examples of abstract data types are 
    arrays, linked lists, stacks, queues, and so on.

    IOW: You have built-in structures within programming languages and abstract concepts, that are 
    usually more complex in nature.

=====

What are Algorithms?
    Simply put, an algorithm is a set of step-by-step instructions to solve a given problem or
    achieve a certain goal. A famous example of an algorithm is a cooking recipe, where the goal is
    to make a certain dinner, and a series of steps(instructions) should be followed to achieve just that.
    
    Obviously, when dealing in computer science, algorithms are written with a programming language
    and instead of food ingredients an algorithm uses data structures to come up with dinner.

    Just as data structures are essential for computer science, so are algorithms. A good use of an 
    algorithm in a program is the difference between a program that is able to execute what it has to
    and a program that freezes every second and make the user close it. By studying algorithms, computer
    scientists are able to write better programs.

=====

Data Structures together with Algorithms:
    As maybe it is obvious from definitions, data structures and algorithms go hand in hand, just as food
    and recipes. A data structure is not worth much if you cannot search through it or manipulate it efficiently
    using algorithms, and the algorithms are not worth much without a data structure to work on.

    DSA is about fiding efficient ways to store and retrieve data, to perform operations on data, and to solve
    specific problems.

    Data Structures and algorithms are virtually in every single software out there. They are the bread and butter
    of computer science.
